docs: add notes (#3260)
statechannels/statechannels: packages/server-wallet/docs/responsibilities.md

## More detail on responsibilities
### 1. Do not lose secrets
Store them in a database. 

### 2. Do not leak secrets

> Minimise time spent in memory.

Reviewer: This seems like the _how_, not the _what_.

### 3. Store relevant states

> Accept states from counterparties through the `pushMessage` API method.
> In the extreme (“ideal” case), keep every state ever signed or received.
> In practice, garbage collect "old" states (should only need ~`nParticipants` states per channel), by tracking `validTransition` relationships between them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accept states from counterparties through wire messages.
In the extreme (“ideal” case), keep every state ever signed or received.
In practice, garbage collect "old" states (should only need ~`nParticipants` states per channel), by tracking `validTransition` relationships between them. 
```

It might be nice to comment on why the garbage collecting is safe.
